Added specificity to data location. (#12477)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/reference-types.rst

concatenate two strings using ``bytes.concat(bytes(s1), bytes(s2))``.

You should use ``bytes`` over ``bytes1[]`` because it is cheaper,
since using ``bytes1[]`` in ``memory`` adds 31 byte padding bytes between the elements. Note that in ``storage`` the

> padding is absent due to tight packing. While ``bytes1[]`` is stored in ``storage`` based on general array packing rules,
> the storage encoding of ``bytes`` depends on the length. If the length of ``bytes`` is at most 31 bytes, it is stored adjacent to the array
> length slot ``p``. If the length is more than 32 bytes, ``bytes`` is treated in the same way as an array and it's data is stored at
> ``keccak256(p)``. As a general rule,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
padding is absent due to tight packing, see :ref:`bytes and string <bytes-and-string>`. As a general rule,
```

Sorry, I think it's best not to repeat and just link the section here.

Author: Okay that's cool too. I initially wanted to add a link, but I thought that maintainers would want to encourage more comprehension and less references.

Nevertheless linking is better in my opinion too.

Reviewer: I think it's generally nice to avoid some duplication.

concatenate two strings using ``bytes.concat(bytes(s1), bytes(s2))``.

You should use ``bytes`` over ``bytes1[]`` because it is cheaper,

> since using ``bytes1[]`` in ``memory`` adds 31 padding bytes between the elements. Note that in ``storage`` the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since using ``bytes1[]`` in ``memory`` adds 31 byte padding bytes between the elements. Note that in ``storage`` the
```

> padding is absent due to tight packing and hence both ``bytes1[]`` and ``bytes`` occupy the same space in ``storage``. As a general rule,

Reviewer: >  hence both ``bytes1[]`` and ``bytes`` occupy the same space in ``storage``

With some caveats, `bytes` would get stored in place if the length is less than 31.

Reviewer: Maybe you can remove the "...hence both" line, or add the additional information about in place encoding.

Author: I'm not sure I follow. Do you refer to fact that if bytes' size is at-most 31 bytes, it would be stored in place with the array(length * 2) slot?

Reviewer: Yes, see https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/internals/layout_in_storage.html?highlight=stringlibytes-and-string#bytes-and-string.

Author: Yes, I now follow and will make changes.

Author: I have made the changes and added more info about the storage encoding.
